Update Jenkins docs (#11228)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_pipelines/jenkins.md

Install the [Datadog Agent][1] on the Jenkins controller instance.

> If you are using a Kubernetes executor, Datadog recommends using the [Admission Controller][8], which automatically sets the `DD_AGENT_HOST` environment variable in the build pods to communicate with the local Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Jenkins controller and the Datadog Agent have been deployed to a Kubernetes cluster, Datadog recommends using the [Admission Controller][8], which automatically sets the `DD_AGENT_HOST` environment variable in the Jenkins controller pod to communicate with the local Datadog Agent.
```
